[bitnami/wordpress] Allowing usage of existing secrets for WordPress, MariaDB and SMTP (#3699)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/wordpress/README.md

| `image.debug`                             | Specify if debug logs should be enabled                                               | `false`                                                      |
| `wordpressSkipInstall`                    | Skip wizard installation when the external db already contains data from a previous WordPress installation [see](https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-wordpress#connect-wordpress-docker-container-to-an-existing-database) | `false`                                                      |
| `wordpressUsername`                       | User of the application                                                               | `user`                                                       |

> | `existingSecret`                          | Name of the existing Wordpress Secret Object                                          | `nil`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `existingSecret`   | Name of the existing Wordpress Secret (it must contain a key named `wordpress-password`). When it's set, `wordpressPassword` is ignored   | `nil`               |
```
